Zephyr getting started guide (#275)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/mcu/zephyr-guide.mdx

## Enabling Memfault

To enable Memfault, there's a few required Kconfig options that should be set:

```ini
# Memfault configuration
CONFIG_MEMFAULT=y
CONFIG_MEMFAULT_HTTP_ENABLE=n
CONFIG_MEMFAULT_ROOT_CERT_STORAGE_CUSTOM=y
```

And the minimal dependency function, which should be added to your project
source (for example, in your `main.c` file):

```c
#include <memfault/components.h>

// A hard-coded set of device information. In production, at minimum the
// device_serial would usually be device-specific and set at runtime.
void memfault_platform_get_device_info(sMemfaultDeviceInfo *info) {
  *info = (sMemfaultDeviceInfo){
      .device_serial = "DEMOSERIAL",
      .software_type = "zephyr-app",
      .software_version = "1.0.0-dev",
      .hardware_version = CONFIG_BOARD,
  };
}
```

## Testing the Integration

If the project successfully builds, now we're ready to test the integration. If
your board has console support, it's highly recommended to enable it for testing
with the Memfault test commands:

```ini
CONFIG_CONSOLE=y

# this board has a uart console
CONFIG_UART_CONSOLE=y
CONFIG_SHELL=y

# enable logs as well
CONFIG_LOG=y

> ```

Author: Todo add the shell commands and memfault upload reference stuff

## Prerequisites

This guide assumes the following:

- Zephyr toolchain is setup on the host machine
  - see the
    [Zephyr getting started guide](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.1.0/develop/getting_started/index.html)
- knowledge of building and configuring Zephyr applications
- a target board with a supported architecture; any **Cortex-M** series device
  should be supported, for other architectures please contact
  support@memfault.com.

## Adding the Memfault Module

Adding the Memfault SDK to your project is normally as simple as adding this
snippet to your `west.yml`:

```yaml
manifest:
  remotes:
    # Add the Memfault GitHub repo
    - name: memfault
      url-base: https://github.com/memfault

  projects:
    # The Memfault SDK
    - name: memfault-firmware-sdk
      path: modules/lib/memfault-firmware-sdk
      revision: 0.31.5
      remote: memfault
```

Depending on your project setup, the `west.yml` file may be in the application
repository (most common), or in a separate manifest repository. Read more about
supported development repositories here:

- <https://docs.zephyrproject.org/latest/develop/west/workspaces.html#topologies-supported>

## Enabling Memfault

> To enable Memfault, there's a few required Kconfig options that should be set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Memfault, there are a few required Kconfig options that should be set:
```

   - < https://docs.zephyrproject.org/2.6.0/guides/kconfig/menuconfig.html>
   - <https://github.com/memfault/memfault-firmware-sdk/blob/130caec024a724c1a7a82866e03a8756e3908256/ports/zephyr/Kconfig>

2. The Memfault SDK configuration files, which contain configuration options for
   the SDK that are not Zephyr-specific. See the

   - `memfault_platform_config.h` - See the
     [`default_config.h`](https://github.com/memfault/memfault-firmware-sdk/blob/7d3396b26f1c161f1c288b6bd39676ec16ebda67/components/include/memfault/default_config.h)
     file in the Memfault SDK for documentation

   - `memfault_metrics_heartbeat_config.def` - See the
     [docs page](/docs/mcu/metrics-api/) for using this file.

   - `memfault_trace_reason_user_config.def` - See the
     [docs page](/docs/mcu/trace-events/) for using this file

   If these files are not provided by the user, they will be silently ignored.
   See the Kconfig options for some control over how these files are included.

## Zephyr `__ASSERT()`

Zephyr RTOS has a built-in runtime assert system, see more information here:

- <https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.1.0/kernel/services/other/fatal.html>

> Memfault coredump capture will by default be triggered when the system

Reviewer: Something like:

"The Memfault coredump capture routine will by default be triggered ..."

or

"Memfault's coredump capture routine"
